We thank the reviewers for their constructive comments. 

The major ommission we seem to have made in the write-up is to clarify
what the results are with other state-of-the-art planners. NLG
researchers (including one of the authors) have experimented with many
planners. Many of those (including e.g. LPG) can't parse and
instantiate the domain, partly for its complicated ADL constructs
(quantified conditional effects etc), partly for the huge blow-up in
grounding. Of those planners that do manage the pre-processing, our
fixed FF is by far the best performer. Detailed results for SGPlan
(vs. the original version of FF) are in the cited paper [Koller and
Petrick 2010]. We ran the experiments from Figure 3 also with LAMA,
which is sometimes better than OldFF, but is much worse than
NewFF. LAMA runs out of time for d=0 n=4 (x-axis 4 Figure 3a) and for
d=2 n=3 (x-axis Figure 3b). If accepted, we will include LAMA in
Figure 3.

Of course, we do not wish to claim that our fixes to FF are a
contribution to planning research as such. What baffles us is that
such simple changes can make the difference between success and
failure. This is a valueable lesson learnt for the planning community,
because it shows how important it is to develop automatic
self-configuration techniques, even for simple parameters. Indeed, NLG
researchers had long been experimenting unsuccessfully with many
planning tools (cf above). It was only in the presented work, where we
profiled FF with the help of an FF expert, that finally results were
obtained that make planning a realistic possibility for NLG
applications. It shouldn't be necessary for people who want to apply
planning technology to solicit the help of planning experts -- at
least not if the only problem are minor configuration switches.

So the paper makes a valueable point on the importance and form of
flexible planner configuration. We contribute a major advance (albeit
using simple techniques) of planning for NLG. We finally bring to the
attention of the planning community a highly interesting benchmark
that (a) is relevant and realistic and (b) poses interesting
challenges (as detailed in the paper) to widely used goal ordering and
relaxed planning techniques. In sum, we believe the paper is quite
suitable for a short ICAPS paper. If accepted, we will try to remove
the inclarities pointed out by the reviewers.

A few specific clarifications:

The problem with the "hard operators" is not recognizing them, but the
data structure for processing them. While it had been noticed before
that this data structure is wasteful, it has to the best of our
knowledge not occurred to anyone before that it is built even when
there actually aren't any hard operators.

We did check which features of NLG cause the various pitfalls of FF
techniques. That's what we tried to explain with the examples in the
"Search Techniques" sub-section. Of course we agree that a full
experimental evaluation of these points could be useful. But that's
beyond a short paper.
